Version 1.5

Released: 2019-07-20 00:04:00 UTC

New Fature: Save File Manager

The save file manager allows you to easily manage all your satisfactory save files:

- Show all files in a tree structure, sorted by session name
- Open file by double clicking or [ENTER] key
- Rename file without opening it in the editor
- Delete unwanted saves
- Rendering map preview of a save file
- Duplicator to easily experiment with files
- Backup and import save files. This supports compressed saves

The save file manager shows corrupted save files in a different color.
Most options are unavailable for those.

Compression

Save files are compressed using gzip.
You can use tools like 7-zip to open a compressed save file and decompress it.
Compression saves 90% of space on average due to the high verbosity of the save file.

Note: You can't directly load compressed save files into satisfactory.
Import using the button in the save file manager or decompress manually.
The save file importer automatically detects if decompression is necessary or not.

New Feature: Clear String List

The "Clear String List" option removes the list of items considered removed from the map.
This is useful if you used the deleter form to reset map features, for example the poison plants.

New Feature: Help

Pressing [F1] at any time opens a help window with relevant information to the current location you are at.
You can also open the main window help using the "Help" menu option

New Feature: Updater

You can now update the client.
This is a real updater.
It will not just open a website or only download a file but actually updates your version.
You can either update manually through the red main menu item that is shown when an update is available,
or you can wait and the application automatically updates during the next launch.

Map image

- Foundations are now grey
- Walkways are now white

Bug fixes

- Only editing the header is now detected as a change
- Removing the last item in the deleter list no longer crashes
- Saves with empty session names are now supported

Other changes

Project structure now in order
